1  What is HDMI port used for?

The HDMI interface allows a port to send high-resolution digital video, theatre-quality sound and device commands through an 

HDMI connector and down a single HDMI cord, each designed to support a video resolution and features in the HDMI 

specification.


2  what is RJ45 connecter? 
The eight-pin RJ45 connector is a standardised interface which often connects a computer to a local area network (LAN). This 

type of connector was originally developed for telephone communications but is now used in a range of applications. The 

abbreviation, RJ45, stands for Registered Jack-45.



3  what is RJ45 port is used for?
RJ45 Cable for Ethernet Connections
Ethernet cables come with RJ45 connectors on both ends. Because of this, an Ethernet cable is sometimes designated as an RJ45 

cable. These cables are often used to connect computers onto Ethernet networks.



4  what is new usb called?
USB Type-C ports are now found on all manner of devices, from simple external hard drives to high-end laptops and the latest 

smartphones. While every USB-C port looks the same, not every one offers the same capabilities.


5  which version of rj45 connector is most popular?
Over time, T568B has become more popular. The differences in color conventions are shown in the chart below. T568A and T568B 

wiring pinouts of RJ45 connectors.


6  what is a micro usb connector?
Micro USB is a miniaturized version of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) interface developed for connecting compact and mobile 

devices such as smartphones, Mp3 players, GPS devices, photo printers and digital cameras. Micro USB connectors exist or have 

existed in three forms: micro A, micro B and micro USB 3.


7  what is difference between usb and micro usb
These connectors do have some physical differences that allow you to tell them apart. USB Type-C has an oblong-shaped plug 

and is slightly bigger than Micro-USB. It can be inserted either side up. Micro-USB can only be plugged in one way and has 

two hooks at the bottom to hold the cable in place.
